# Stheven_Cabral_Professional_Portfolio
<h2>Professional Portfolio</h2>

A responsive easy to use professional portfolio I built for the final porject of the Team Treehouse Front End Web Development Tech Degree program. I used a mobile first approach to build the porfolio for simple viewing on mobile and tablet devices. The main development languages used were HTML, Sass, and Javascript. In addition, I used Bootstrap to add quick styling and jQuery to add different animations during scroll events.<br>
The portfolio includes a intro overlay page that invites a user to enter. When 'Enter' is clicked, the user is presented an about me 'hero' section that includes a description of my front end developer goals, experiences, and other personal details. The about me section includes a navigation bar at the bottom that navigates to the different sections of the porfolio (About Me, Skills, Projects, and Contact).<br>
The navigation bar was added to the page using Bootsrap and turns into a collapsible drop down menu at smaller screens. When a navigation link is clicked, the page scrolls to the appropriate section. I built this effect using vanilla javaScript. For certain sections and elements, I included a fade in effect when the page is scrolled to that section. I built these effects into the portfolio using jQuery.<br>
The projects section included clickable images and 'View Project' buttons that open a new tab to correct project url.<br> 
Lastly, the contact section includes inline SVG images that link to my linkedin, github, and instagram photography pages. I used inline SVGs in order to change the color using the 'fill' property.
